Add link to Slack channel (#14553)
apache/druid: docs/design/index.md

- Digital marketing/advertising analytics
- Business intelligence/OLAP

> If you have questions about Druid's capabilities and features, join the [Apache Druid Slack](http://apachedruidworkspace.slack.com/) channel to connect with Druid experts, ask questions, and get help in real-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are experimenting with a new use case for Druid, or if you have questions about Druid's capabilities and features, join the [Apache Druid Slack](http://apachedruidworkspace.slack.com/) channel. There you can connect with Druid experts, ask questions, and get help in real-time.
```
